here are multiple clubs at PEC like EEB, IEEE, Robotics, NSS, Rotaract, WEC, ACM CSS, and many more. The best club at Pec is definately ACM known for it's participation 😉 during events and a highly active society 😉.
PEC BOT was made by Yatin.
PEC's current director name is Prof. Rajesh Kumar Bhatia.
Current PEC ACM Secretary or Secy is Ankur Gupta. T 
Punjab Engineering College (Deemed to be University) (PEC) having its roots in Lahore as Mugalpura Engineering College since 1921, moved to its present campus in 1953 as PEC affiliated to Panjab University. The institute became Deemed University in 2003 through a MHRD notification and rechristened as PEC University of Technology in 2009.

It is a Grant-in-Aid institution under administration of Union Territory of Chandigarh, Government of India. The institute has a 146 acres sprawling and pious campus and is house of Chandigarh College of Architecture also. The academic and administrative processes are similar to IITs in the country. The institute governance is through a vibrant Board of Governors, chaired by a renowned industrialist, Sh. Rajinder Gupta. The institute is headed by a Director on 5 years tenure; a position, which is equivalent to Vice Chancellor of Universities.

The institute offers 8 Undergraduate B. Tech. Programmes and 14 Post graduate M. Tech. Programmes in various disciplines of engineering and technology. After becoming University, the institute has also started PhD programme in various disciplines of engineering, science, management, humanities and social sciences. The admission to UG and PG programmes are made through national level examinations namely JEE (Mains) and GATE respectively. There are 9 academic departments and 2 centers of excellence.
The faculty of academic departments and centers is involved in cutting edge research and development works. The institute collaborates very closely with research organisations, industries, alumni and other academic institutions both India and abroad, and has signed MoUs to pursue joint research in niche areas. The students graduating from this institute are placed in highly reputed companies with handsome salary packages.

With a history of 100 Years now, the institute has produced a number of alumni who have earned name and fame both for themselves and the institute.

The institute campus extends over an area of 149 acres of land situated close to the beautiful Shivalik hills.

The campus is divided into various functional zones like hostels, main institute building, new academic block, administrative block, technology block, residential complex for faculty and staff and a market. In addition to lecture theatres, tutorial rooms, committee rooms, seminar rooms, board room, senate hall and drawing halls, the institute has auditorium, open air theatre, library, and computer centre, reading rooms, workshops and well equipped laboratories.

The institute has spacious playgrounds, tennis courts, squash courts, swimming pool a gymnasium, student club and technical society area. Banking facilities with nationally connected ATMs along with a computerized post office are available. Adequate hostel facilities for both boys and girls are available in the institute campus.